Created MTV Music Awards ceremony
=> ERROR : There are no award categories in the MTV Music Awards ceremony.
Created Best Rock Band award category
Created Best Pop Artist award category
Created Best Alternative Band award category
Created Best Electronic Revelation award category
Created a jury for an IndividualArtistAwardCategory
Created a jury for a BandAwardCategory
Created a jury for a BandAwardCategory
Created a jury for a MixedAwardCategory
Created Matthew Bellamy, active since 1994
Created Dominic Howard, active since 1994
Created Christopher Wolstenholme, active since 1994
Created Bono, active since 1976
Created The Edge, active since 1976
Created Larry Mullen Jr, active since 1978
Created Adam Clayton, active since 1976
Created Chris Martin, active since 1996
Created Guy Berryman, active since 1996
Created Jon Buckland, active since 1996
Created Will Champion, active since 1996
Created Ozark Henry, active since 1996
Created Sting, active since 1974
Created WoodKid, active since 2014
Created Hans Zimmer, active since 2015
Created Thomas Bangalter, active since 2014
Created Sia, active since 2014
Created Hugh Laurie, active since 2015
Created Muse, active since 1994
The individual artist Matthew Bellamy was added to Muse as a Singer
The individual artist Dominic Howard was added to Muse as a Drummer
The individual artist Christopher Wolstenholme was added to Muse as a Bassist
Created U2, active since 1976
The individual artist Bono was added to U2 as a Singer
The individual artist The Edge was added to U2 as a Guitarist
The individual artist Larry Mullen Jr was added to U2 as a Drummer
The individual artist Adam Clayton was added to U2 as a Bassist
Created Coldplay, active since 1996
The individual artist Chris Martin was added to Coldplay as a Singer
The individual artist Guy Berryman was added to Coldplay as a Bassist
The individual artist Jon Buckland was added to Coldplay as a Guitarist
The individual artist Will Champion was added to Coldplay as a Drummer
Created Foo Fighters, active since 1994
Created Pink Floyd, active since 1965
Created Red Hot Chili Peppers, active since 1983
Created Daft Punk, active since 2013
The individual artist Thomas Bangalter was added to Daft Punk as a Keyboard
Created Depeche Mode, active since 2013
Created Gorillaz, active since 2015
Created Zero 7, active since 2014
The individual artist Ozark Henry was added in the jury of the Best Rock Band award category.
The individual artist Jon Buckland was added in the jury of the Best Rock Band award category.
The individual artist Chris Martin was added in the jury of the Best Rock Band award category.
The individual artist Will Champion was added in the jury of the Best Rock Band award category.
The individual artist Guy Berryman was added in the jury of the Best Rock Band award category.
The individual artist : Chris Martin was nominated for the Best Pop Artist award category.
=> ERROR : The individual artist : Chris Martin is nominated in the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist Bono was added in the jury of the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist Ozark Henry was added in the jury of the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist Adam Clayton was added in the jury of the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist Dominic Howard was added in the jury of the Best Pop Artist award category.
=> ERROR : The individual artist : Dominic Howard is already in the jury for the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist WoodKid was added in the jury of the Best Pop Artist award category.
=> ERROR : Jury has already 5 jury members
The individual artist Ozark Henry was added in the jury of the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The individual artist Adam Clayton was added in the jury of the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The individual artist WoodKid was added in the jury of the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The individual artist Thomas Bangalter was added in the jury of the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The individual artist Christopher Wolstenholme was added in the jury of the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
=> ERROR : Some juries of some award categories are not full.
=> ERROR : The individual artist : Ozark Henry can only be in the jury of at most three award categories.
The individual artist WoodKid was added in the jury of the Best Alternative Band award category.
The individual artist Hans Zimmer was added in the jury of the Best Alternative Band award category.
The individual artist Thomas Bangalter was added in the jury of the Best Alternative Band award category.
The individual artist Sia was added in the jury of the Best Alternative Band award category.
The individual artist Hugh Laurie was added in the jury of the Best Alternative Band award category.
=> ERROR : Best Rock Band is not for newcomers and Daft Punk is one.
=> ERROR : The Band : Coldplay has a member that is in the jury of the Best Rock Band award category.
The Band : U2 was nominated for the Best Rock Band award category.
The Band : Muse was nominated for the Best Rock Band award category.
The Band : Foo Fighters was nominated for the Best Rock Band award category.
The Band : Pink Floyd was nominated for the Best Rock Band award category.
The Band : Red Hot Chili Peppers was nominated for the Best Rock Band award category.
=> ERROR : Cannot nominate U2 for the Best Pop Artist award category since it is a band.
=> ERROR : The individual artist Chris Martin is already nominated for the Best Pop Artist award category
The individual artist : Jon Buckland was nominated for the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist : Guy Berryman was nominated for the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist : Christopher Wolstenholme was nominated for the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist : Sting was nominated for the Best Pop Artist award category.
=> ERROR : There are already 5 nominees for the Best Pop Artist award category
The Band : Muse was nominated for the Best Alternative Band award category.
The Band : Coldplay was nominated for the Best Alternative Band award category.
The Band : U2 was nominated for the Best Alternative Band award category.
The Band : Foo Fighters was nominated for the Best Alternative Band award category.
The Band : Pink Floyd was nominated for the Best Alternative Band award category.
=> ERROR : The Band : Daft Punk has a member that is in the jury of the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
=> ERROR : The individual artist WoodKid is a jury member for the Best Electronic Revelation award category
=> ERROR : Some award categories do not have their 5 nominees.
The Band : Depeche Mode was nominated for the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The individual artist : Sia was nominated for the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The Band : Gorillaz was nominated for the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The Band : Zero 7 was nominated for the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The individual artist : Hugh Laurie was nominated for the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The votes for the MTV Music Awards ceremony can begin right now !
The individual artist Ozark Henry has voted for Pink Floyd for the Best Rock Band award category.
The individual artist Jon Buckland has voted for Muse for the Best Rock Band award category.
The individual artist Chris Martin has voted for Red Hot Chili Peppers for the Best Rock Band award category.
The individual artist Will Champion has voted for U2 for the Best Rock Band award category.
The individual artist Guy Berryman has voted for U2 for the Best Rock Band award category.
=> ERROR : The individual artist Matthew Bellamy is not in the Jury in the Best Pop Artist award category.
=> ERROR : The individual artist Jon Buckland is not in the Jury in the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist Bono has voted for Chris Martin for the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist Ozark Henry has voted for Chris Martin for the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist Adam Clayton has voted for Chris Martin for the Best Pop Artist award category.
=> ERROR : The individual artist Bono has already voted for in the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist Dominic Howard has voted for Sting for the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist WoodKid has voted for Jon Buckland for the Best Pop Artist award category.
The individual artist WoodKid has voted for Coldplay for the Best Alternative Band award category.
The individual artist Hans Zimmer has voted for Coldplay for the Best Alternative Band award category.
The individual artist Thomas Bangalter has voted for Coldplay for the Best Alternative Band award category.
The individual artist Sia has voted for Coldplay for the Best Alternative Band award category.
The individual artist Hugh Laurie has voted for Pink Floyd for the Best Alternative Band award category.
=> ERROR : Some Jury have not finished voting.
The individual artist Ozark Henry has voted for Depeche Mode for the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The individual artist Adam Clayton has voted for Zero 7 for the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The individual artist WoodKid has voted for Gorillaz for the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The individual artist Thomas Bangalter has voted for Zero 7 for the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
The individual artist Christopher Wolstenholme has voted for Gorillaz for the Best Electronic Revelation award category.
U2 is the winner for the Best Rock Band award category
Coldplay is the winner for the Best Alternative Band award category
Chris Martin is the winner for the Best Pop Artist award category
It is a tie between :  a MyBand a MyBand for the Best Electronic Revelation award category as newcomer !
The band Coldplay has won 2 awards in total !